Human flourishing is the sum of the love, work and admiration of our coworkers, life and career. You have taught us to identify it, internalize it and use it as the engine of our lives. Much success on the new path before you.	1
Thank you very much for all your contributions to Tecnológico, you have changed the lives of many people with your example and you have changed me as a person allowing me to explore to seek new challenges as a professional and as a person	1
The transformation of the tec to a new educational model.	1
Good luck Salvador	1
Humanism and humility that spread	1
Thank you very much for your dedication!	1
You are a true inspiring and transformative leader	1
Thank you very much for your leadership!	1
Thank you for trusting in diversity, for fostering a creative and free world.	1
"Thank you for your vision and for encouraging us to pursue being within the ""100"" of the world."	1
Thank you Salvador, for taking Tec to be one of the best universities in the world, IMGB	1
Thank you for being an example of courage to embrace change.	1
"For me you represent a motivation and a good example of doing ""The Right Thing"""	1
God put you on our path and without a doubt we are a different Institution, a more humane and prepared to continue being a world leader in the following 50 years. I am different and in a very good part because of your influence, your philosophy of life.	1
Thank you for making us see and believe in a possible Mexico.	1
Thanks for being a source of inspiration.	1
Thank you for your simplicity and great spirit of leadership. God bless you!	1
Thank you very much for giving Tecnológico de Monterrey the direction it has today, focusing on people and their personal development.	1
He is an exemplary human being, leader and professional, his futuristic and ambitious vision with values ??has generated the competitive and purposeful educational Institution that we are today.	1
Salvador, Infinite thanks for your guidance, accompaniment, challenges and friendship. My life is and will be better thanks to the fact that our paths were crossed. A hug with much affection, Juan Pablo	1
You have been an example and inspiration, thank you! Joaquin Joaquin	1
I want to thank you for your inspiring commitment and enthusiasm that have influenced teachers to do our best for the benefit of our community and country.	1
Thank you for the changes made to the staff that have brought well-being to so many families.	1
Thank you!	1
Dear Salvador, each encounter with you, a great learning. Thank you very much!!! And a lot of success in what you continue to undertake! A hug!!	1
Thank you for being an inspiration during these years to the mty tec! It will be difficult to fill the shoes that will remain.	1
Salvador, an unprecedented president for our beloved TEC, THANK YOU!	1
Thank you for your inspiration and encouragement in difficult times!	1
Thank you for making way for a more equitable and inclusive institutional culture!	1
Thank you Salvador for the passion, dedication, commitment and a new DNA at Tec!	1
Thank you for your imprint of human sense and leadership in our institution. Today TEC is better because its people are better.	1
Dear Ing. Alva, thank you for having promoted research (Graduate Schools and GIEE's) and educational innovation (NOVUS projects) that have exponentially promoted the academic life of students and teachers during your term, as well as the international recognition that the Tecnológico de Monterrey. I wish you the best in this new stage of your life.	1
Thank you for humanizing and giving great opportunities to growing teachers.	1
Salvador, your way of thinking radically changed the way I see my work and that of the institution, now recognizing the great work of Transformation that we have to carry out to train transforming leaders from Mexico and the world. Thank you for this legacy!	1
Quite an honor, to witness their doing the HISTORY OF TEC	1
Thank you for the great legacy you leave at Tec, with a transformative and inclusive leadership capacity.	1
A MAN WHO KNEW TO SUPPORT THE GREAT IDEAS OF CHANGE IN THE TEC.	1
Thank you for your leadership and for sharing your knowledge. fondly AV	1
The best example of experience and academy working together for the good of the students	1
Dear Salvador: Thank you for loving our institution so much, you have taken us very far with all the work you have done in all these years.	1
Thank you!	1
Salvador, thank you very much for your leadership, your dedication and your passion, but above all for your human quality and for your empathy towards each one of us. Much success in your next goals !!!	1
Thank you Salvador for transforming me and TEC	1
Thank you very much for all your contribution and dedication to make Tec de Monterrey even bigger.	1
¨Do not follow the path, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail¨ Ralph Waldo Emerson	1
The legacy he leaves is the opening of the institution to the world, taking the virtues of its members and humanizing them. For everything, thank you very much.	1
You must be very proud of your work at Tec. The teachers will v	1
his serenity and vision: they are the things that I stay with and that I would like someday, even halfway, to have. CV.	1
Thank you for allowing me to experience the way an institution is transformed.	1
An example to follow, Salvador. Thanks from CDMX region.	1
Thank you Salvador for sharing your vision and your experience during these 8 years at Tec. Under your leadership, Tec has grown in a phenomenal way and always at the forefront of the changes and challenges we are experiencing.	1
The change of the Tec within its mandate is impressive, I experienced it as a student and as a collaborator, Thank you for betting on the teachers!	1
Your message about happiness changed my chip regarding the pandemic. Thank you!	1
I am infinitely grateful for your applied wisdom.	1
Your work has strengthened the positioning and performance of TEC, congratulations on your legacy	1
You are an inspiring leader	1
Humanist, challenger and visionary.	1
Dear Salvador, thank you, thank you very much for your passion for our Tec. I am 21 years old at the institution and I am very happy with the vision of a Solo Tec, the joint work between Campus is invaluable and strengthens us. May your life always be full, my admiration with respect and affection. PS I will miss seeing you in the videos! Georgina Villanueva Campus Mexico City.	1
Thank you very much, your example inspires me to be better every day.	1
Dear Salvador: I appreciate and recognize your great legacy to our Institution.	1
Thank you for your leadership, ability and commitment.	1
Thank you very much for all the support provided, since I was a student and now that I work in this institution I see the growth in academics and as an institution and it is all thanks to the people who lead.	1
Thank you, it has been an honor and great learning to be able to count on your leadership and vision and trust, to lead the Institution to these great achievements, to face the turning point in education for just over 5 years.	1
Thank you for giving so much to the institution during all these years.	1
Dear Salvador: You leave a huge legacy, difficult to cover. You have been a person of great inspiration to both collaborators and students of our beloved Tec. Although you leave your responsibility at the forefront of Tec, I am sure that you will continue to inspire everyone, especially our young students. I wish you the best in this new stage. A hug ...	1
I am honored to have coincided in this space time and to have lived her teachings and to be able to share them with students and coworkers. My thanks from the Soul	1
"Salvador, your simplicity and clarity of ideas inspire me; thanks for leaving your mark on me, blessings"	1
I appreciate all the good you have done for the institution	1
"Listening to him speak with such peace and wisdom was always a great inspiration to me.
There is a great legacy in each of his words!
Thank you, we will miss you! "	1
Thank you for teaching me that everything is really possible and that the most important thing is always the people and their hearts !!!!	1
Thank you Salvador for being a true inspiring leader, very successful in this new stage of your life. A hug.	1
A totally inspiring example!	1
Thanks for inspiring me to be a better person	1
Thank you for making Tec a better institution. Thanks for your effort and dedication.	1
You faced new challenges with innovation and responsibility	1
It is for me an example of consistency, although he does not know me personally he has infected me with his inner peace. My admiration for you.	1
Thank you Salvador for your vision, your passion, your leadership ... your inspiration!	1
Thank you for transforming the institution into a more international Tec	1
People leave but the example remains, thanks for so many examples of leadership, vision and humanity that you have left us.	1
I have learned from Salvador Alva not only from a professional point of view, but as a human being.	1
With you, many positive changes were made in the operations of Tec, a great person and always looking for the well-being of our entire TEC community, a hug. My best wishes always to you and your family.	1
Dear Salvador. I appreciate your great legacy that you leave for our beloved Tec de Monterrey.	1
Thank you for your inspiring leadership.	1
I recognize your ability to convey inspiring messages! Success in everything that comes	1
It is not a goodbye, it is a goodbye.	1
I thank you for your way of seeing things that others see problems and you not only accepted them, but you made the facts were created opportunities. Thank you very much for guiding with integrity a great institution such as the Tecnológico de Monterrey.	1
Your presence made a change. Your departure too.	1
Thank you for promoting the change in the educational model of the TEC, generating new educational environments and above all promoting that the people of the institution are better human beings.	1
Thank you for having guided this institution in an equitable and horizontal way, for having supported us in times of crisis and for having a great listening and communication capacity in the problems that concern teaching.	1
Thank you	1
Thank you for having guided this institution in an equitable and horizontal way, for having supported us in times of crisis and for having a great listening and communication capacity in the problems that concern teaching.	1
Thank you Salvador for always seeking the transformation of Tec de Monterrey to make it an exemplary University nationally and internationally.	1
Salvador, thank you for dedicating the most valuable thing we have: time!	1
Thank you for being a guide and for the trust	1
Excellent work and an unforgettable legacy	1
In 36 years as a professor at Tec, I did not see a leap as great as during her tenure to position ourselves as the best university in Mexico. Congratulations and thank you very much. Angelica Camacho	1
It is incredible to have been able to share time and space with such a capable, intelligent and empathetic person. Thank you for so many teachings through your messages, they will forever resonate in my soul as a teacher.	1
I always appreciated that our leader truly believed that we can make a different society through knowledge.	1
You managed to transform lives	1
The reversal of the pyramid has been the most profound and significant change you have made to the Tec. Therein lies the root of Tec's rapid and effective response to the pandemic. Thank you for your vision and commitment.	1
Thanks for a vision beyond the palpable!	1
The legacy was to permeate business units and processes in a world-class institution.	1
Thank you very much for transforming the TEC and always seeking the well-being of those who collaborate here.	1
Salvador Alva, leadership that motivates and inspires.	1
Thank you for pushing us to dream, letting us propose and taking responsibility for transforming the world. You inspired us to inspire, that will never be lost.	1
You have been a great inspiration to all of us. In particular, you taught me that the most important thing is to have a purpose in life, which for me is the training of useful professionals for the world. Thanks Salvador!	1
"You are a real agent of CHANGE and transformation, thanks for inspiring my life!
Karla López "	1
Thank you very much for your innovation and breaking paradigms, for the growth of the Institution	1
Excellent work, excellent person. My admiration for what was done. Congratulations!!	1
IN ALL THERE IS A COMMITTED LEADER, SALVADOR, YOU HAVE BEEN THE EXAMPLE. THANK YOU	1
"Without a doubt her legacy is ""transforming lives"", the congruence between saying and doing remains as an example and as a great slogan to follow. Thank you for leaving your mark on this Institution and on each of us who are part of it. Nora Elena Barba Evia"	1
Thank you so much, for everything, forever!	1
Thank you so much, for everything, forever!	1
"He is a ""Doer Man"" ""and that's why he managed to transform the Tec"	1
A big hug Salvador	1
"Jorge Arechavaleta """	1
Thank you very much for your leadership, human sense and vision.	1
Excellent work the development of the TEC in your hands	1
And at the end of the day, your jubilant soul, spirit and heart will see the magnificence of the actions carried out.	1
I remember it perfectly on his visit to Campus Sinaloa, telling us about the benchmark carried out in other universities in the world, mainly Asian. I love Asia and I was delighted to see the sparkle in his children, indicating that he faithfully believed in the new educational model and that he was proud to work and represent Tec de Monterrey. Thank you!	1
Thank you for the legacy left in your career at Tec de Monterrey	1
YOU ALWAYS INVITE US TO FIND OUR DREAMS AND LIFE PURPOSE !!! THANK YOU...	1
"Thank you Salvador for your gift of sharing your knowledge, for motivating us to be better people and professionals through your leadership! I will never forget a phrase you said at CIIE 2018, which encourages me to do my job better as a teacher: ""You have to bet on human development and talent, [if not talked about] talent and quality education, the probability of reaching high levels is low. """	1
Dear Salvador, your warm and profound words gave me hope in the transformation of our institution, made me always feel part of the team and also made me participate in something bigger and more important. Thank you for your vision, for your inclusion, warmth and humanity. I recognize you as a true leader in the professional and also in the personal.	1
Thank you for promoting the human sense in our institution	1
Inspiration	1
Your different, challenging and evolutionary vision awakened my concerns and bewilderment, but today I know that we are on the right path ... Thank you for touching our lives!	1
"Thank you for always pushing us to think ""out of the box."""	1
Salvador, thank you very much for positioning Tec in the top of recognized universities in the world	1
"ADMIRED company. Being the Tec, within the select 10% it was still lacking the definitive impulse to fly to INFINITY, and the VISION of a great LEADER and ENTREPRENEUR has come to establish the STRUCTURE that needed to be unraveled in the daily work of our beloved Technological Thank you!
Keep flying towards your best company, YOUR LIFE! "	1
Thank you very much	1
"Keep flying towards your best company, YOUR LIFE! """	1
Thank you very much for leaving the best of you and your experience at Tec. Tec has become a better institution thanks to your initiatives.	1
Thank you for your management and vision in three main axes: Organizational transformation, Human sense and orientation to serve, Reinvention of ourselves. In these times, we have put them into practice with a vision for the future.	1
Conscious leadership	1
Thank you for bringing good things to my life.	1
Values ??as guidelines and consistency as a driver, Thank you Salvador	1
Thanks for making Tec an inclusive community, leave great lessons	1
Follow your vision in life	1
You have been an exceptional leader, the truth since you joined ITESM, you made many positive changes in the TEC community, I consider you to be a very important person in the institution and I appreciate your work, many changes, improvements, and support for our collaborators, who We are very grateful for all your career and empathy towards us, I want to tell you that you deserve a lot to finish your management in an excellent way, by the way I loved your last video that I saw of leadership for the new times, thanks for everything and for your great enthusiasm , I wish many blessings for you. A hug.	1
Thank you for transforming us and believing in each one of us.	1
Thank you for leaving your mark	1
You revolutionized the TEC and you revolutionized us all! Rest assured, we will not stay calm until we achieve the great dreams of the TEC ...	1
Thank you for your legacy!	1
The wealth of diversity, a Puma directed the Tec. How about?	1
Thank you very much for the hard work and support you have given us during these eight years at the head of the Tec de Monterrey. Mission accomplished.	1
Mission accomplished, thanks !!!	1
Salvador, 6 years ago in a presentation, you explained that the winners are not those who follow the rules but those who CREATE the rules, that message in particular marked me a lot, as far as possible, in my reach and even outside my Scope, I have reformulated the rules of operation of the campuses in which I have worked since I heard that message (Hidalgo and Toluca).	1
"Thank you for promoting a culture of transformation and above all of """" not being afraid of error """", personally it is something that with my work teams I have always promoted and your messages gave us a lot of inertia and alignment on where we had to apply the disruption."	1
Our institution has now been strengthened in the human sense and its compass has changed towards the well-being and full development of people. We are a better Tec for it.	1
Thank you for sharing your vision, passion and transformative leadership.	1
Thank you for being a fundamental part in the transformation of this new Tec.	1
Thank you for making this a more respectful and inclusive organization, today many of us can be who we are with pride.	1
Thanks to whoever led with firm values!	1
Salvador, thank you for having left an indelible mark on our Tec and in our country.	1
Salvador, you are a great human being, a leader who inspires me to transform and grow, thank you very much !!!	1
Thank you for being and being in these times.	1
Thank you for your invitation, through example, to believe that transformation is possible, when you have a clear and challenging vision. He trusts that we will continue working to promote the development of our country through meritocracy and the search for equal opportunities for all.	1
Thank you for creating opportunities to be better.	1
Thank you for being accessible to the entire Tec community, and thank you very much for supporting institutional research in educational innovation.	1
Congratulations	1
Thank you	1
Salvador, thank you very much for your vision	1
Thank you for believing in education and empowering it with your great vision!	1
"Longtemps, je me suis couché de bonne heure; íncipit of ""In search of lost time"" by Marcel Proust. Time is our true capital. Thank you for this and many other teachings!"	1
I admire your method and entrepreneurial vision in times of crisis. Reinvent yourself here and now. Listen, understand, imagine, project, associate, define, act, transform and evaluate. And it begins again: imagine, project, associate, define, act, transform and evaluate. Reinvent yourself here and now.	1
your best personal legacy, reinvent ourselves as an educational institution! Your best impact, Leaders of tomorrow!	1
Great works are the result of great efforts! Thank you!	1
Thank you for your work and the teachings you leave us.	1
Thank you for the inspiration and for giving purpose to what we do.	1
"Among the many things I learned from him is that ""Choosing is giving up"", thank you. I am sure that this new choice of life will be another great adventure."	1
"Successful people always say ""thank you."" He realizes that it is healthy to recognize a job well done. Andrew Matthews"	1
Thanks for inspiring	1
You are and will be a guide for the Tec de Monterrey, thank you very much for your vision and wisdom, and	1
It is taught by example, you are a great teacher.	1
Thank you for sharing your life with us.	1
Thanks for being an inspiration to everyone.	1
Thank you for what Tec represents today.	1
The greatest legacy is to remain in someone's memory, that keeps us alive. Thank you for being in the memory of so many.	1
Good luck in the next stage of life, thanks for your teachings!	1
Thank you very much for all the teachings, without a doubt an example to follow. We are going to miss it.	1
Thank you for inspiring us, for transmitting kindness and being an example for everyone.	1
"Definitely, you left an important mark on the institution but also on mine. I had the opportunity to talk to you four years ago and I remember you telling me ""In order to transform lives we need to transform ourselves. Inspire students by your example."" This phrase continues to inspire me every day in my work as a teacher and program director."	1
What a great vision, which in such a short time achieved an evolution in the Tec	1
Thank you Salvador because every day our students have had you as a reference for success and leadership	1
Salvador, you are a true rockstar of transformation. Infinite thanks for what you managed to do in front of my alma mater, you leave an indelible mark on the TEC and also in my mind and heart. See you soon!	1
We appreciate your dedication and passion with our beloved alma mater Tec de Mty for the time he was in charge as rector. We know that you have left your mark and that your legacy will be present in our hearts. I wish you continue reaping successes in your life. God bless me always! Prof. Lourdes Cruz	1
His great work has transformed the course of education in our country. THANK YOU.	1
Dear Salvador we will feel your absence, very successful in this new stage. A hug	1
Thanks to his vision, a value transformation was achieved for the Tec.	1
Thank you for encouraging us to believe and not be afraid to innovate.	1
Thank you Salvador for teaching us that Tec's dreams and goals are higher every day and for reminding us of the responsibility we have to build a more dignified Mexico for all.	1
Thanks Salvador. The Tec has been the best work center in which I have worked. Thank you for running a university that shuns mediocrity. We are living as a country in times of great mediocrity, resentment, and division of people. A change of mentality, like the one promoted by Tec, is what we need to be a better Country.	1
Thank you, thank you very much, for your consistency, example and great responsibility with the TEC.	1
thanks for supporting	1
Thank you for these years of your support.	1
Thank you for supporting the projects of the teachers in favor of the advancement of women in our institution.	1
Thank you very much Salvador, for the transformation and international positioning of the Tecnológico de Monterrey. Academics at the center, dignity and equality in context.	1
Thank you for making your mark, for being an example for TEC and society, that more successes come in your life and enjoy this new stage.	1
Thank you very much Salvador, you turned around what TEC was!	1
"Savior:
I am very proud to witness the transformation of the Institution in recent years, not only physically, but also in our students for the opportunity to live experiences that will enrich their lives. We hope to continue to be close to the Tec de Monterrey community.
Nayda Hernández -Digital Education "	1
Thank you for always Seeing us as collaborators, listening to us and transforming us into a single Tec	1
Thank you for inspiring us to do things we never imagined we would achieve.	1
Dear Salvador, remember that time passes, but the memories remain a lifetime.	1
You managed to get TEC to value its human resources, valuing us all and matching benefits. Now we are all treated with more equality and respect	1
Thank you for your testimony of life and for pushing us to transcend through education.	1
Thank you for charting the path for us to transform lives.	1
Committed to the institution in giving the best of myself for a strong and united Mexico.	1
Thank you very much for your leadership!	1
Thank you forever	1
Thanks for the renewal of our great TEC, we would have to re-invent ourselves.	1
The path has become great for new steps from now on.	1
Your inspiring vision has been fundamental to the transformation of Tec	1
Salvador, Conscious leadership as I have rarely experienced it, you are an inspiration with your words and your actions! Thank you for leading and guiding us to where we have come.	1
Keep forever in your heart and mind, the generous and excellent help you gave us to facilitate our daily teaching effort aimed at overcoming the challenge of transforming the world.	1
Thank you for the work done to continue raising TEC.	1
Thank you for the work done to continue raising TEC.	1
Dr. Salvador, Thank you for being the leader that you are, for your great human quality, you have left a very important legacy in the Tec and in my life. May God Bless you in this new	1
Thank you for the work done to continue raising TEC.	1
Dr. Salvador, Thank you for being the leader that you are, for your great human quality, you have left a very important legacy in the Tec and in my life. May God Bless you in this new stage of your life. A hug. See you soon!!!!!	1
Thank you for the transformation of the environment and the organization. A single Tec.	1
Thank you very much for your inspiring and wise messages.	1
Salvador, my most sincere recognition for your great leadership capacity, which has resulted in the disruptive transformation of the Tec and makes it an institution of great prestige, credibility and international reach.	1
Outstanding leader	1
Always attentive, intelligent, purposeful and even controversial, thank you for helping make Tecnológico de Monterrey the best institution to work for.	1
Transformation and meaning as a legacy.	1
YOU HAVE BEEN A GREAT INSTITUTIONAL MENTOR TO US THANK YOU VERY MUCH!	1
Thank you for inspiring me to be a better person.	1
Thanks for the passion and dedication! There is no better legacy than to seek the development of our young people.	1
For your vision, we have focused on seeking the fulfillment and fulfillment of the students. And this makes me happy. Thanks for your human sense!	1
Thank you for your advices	1
Thank you Salvador for guiding our dear Tec to be recognized as one of the best universities in the world, and for transmitting your human sense to us.	1
Thank you very much Salvador for investing the organizational pyramid of Tec!	1
Thank you for your leadership and for transforming our institution to be at the forefront in current conditions.	1
You will be remembered for the Change with Vision that you brought to the Institution. Good luck!!	1
Thank you for having contributed to the Tec by expanding the vision, the horizons. The power of that great vision has made it possible to have brought the Tec to where it is.	1
Salvador I have learned a lot from you, as a great leader that you are, I want to continue learning from you by following your legacy. Thank you for giving me your helping hand so that I can move forward in my life, I offer you my heart and my friendship.	1
Thank you for being that great person, full of hope and light for everyone.	1
I recognize your effort	1
Salvador, your impact on the work culture based on a process approach was transcendental for Tec, thank you very much.	1
Dear Salvador your legacy runs through the veins of the Tec and will always be in our hearts	1
Thank you for your authenticity and for the effort you have put into transforming each of the organizations in which you have served. May God accompany you in this new stage as He has done so far.	1
Thank you for training us as the leaders who will continue the cultural transformation of Tec.	1
Your leadership and inspiration will always remain with us and the following generations. Thank you and God be with you in the following parcels!	1
Thank you for transforming our institution into a more humane place.	1
The importance of being a great leader allows you to exploit the capabilities, qualities and virtues of your collaborators.	1
" ""Young people should be avoided talking about success as if it were the main objective in life, the most important reason to work in school and in life is the pleasure of working, the pleasure of its result and the knowledge of value of the result for the community """". Albert Einstein."	1
"That is what I think he was able to achieve in the Tec Community, in this short time that I have been a Collaborator in the Tec; Thank you very much for your great legacy. """	1
"Thank you very much for your example, Salvador, you leave a legacy of vision, innovation, frank and transparent communication, and consistency in the inverted pyramid leadership. Thank you for your closeness on all the occasions when we had to coincide, for your words of encouragement for the Talent Development career, for your support and warmth when I received the Inspirational Teacher Award in Querétaro. I had the opportunity to win your book ""Your life, your best business"" in a competition from SIFE, a student organization of social entrepreneurship; I finished it on a summer vacation and was very inspired by the work I did with the students on leadership. When they chose you I knew we were in excellent hands and as these years passed I feel that it was so. May God bless you and continue inspiring others and sowing dreams for Mexico in this new stage. Luis Gerardo González López (Toluca Campus)"	1
Salvador, you are the leader of transformative leaders. Hopefully you will be encouraged to promote change across the country. Rest assured that we would follow you here and support the majority.	1
Kind with knowledge	1
Salvador, thanks for being the leader that has led Tec to be in the great world leagues, enabling the concept of ONE SOLO TEC, trusting in the talent of all collaborators and challenging us to always be better, while seeking our purpose. Be very successful in this new stage in your life. With all my admiration, Vicky Valdés-D	1
You are a great example of leadership and nobility.	1
Thank you for your leadership! It is impressive how he preaches what he says with his actions. Congratulations on all this time of effort.	1
Salvador, thanks for taking us out of our comfort zone and making us believe in ourselves !! ...	1
Thanks for your messages of reflection and inspiration, you always have the right words to bring out the best in us	1
Thank you for always inspiring to be better and giving the best for Mexico.	1
I remember the first video that you sent us to the campuses and there I met you, you immediately infected me and inspired me to follow your new vision, and step by step you have taken Tec to be a more conscious and human Tec, I respect and admire you, you are the example of how to download a strategy in concrete and real actions to achieve real changes, all I can tell you is thanks for leaving a mark on our institution and our hearts, we will miss you. Atte: Edith Rodríguez	1
We are still in the game	1
Always success. Thanks for sharing and leading.	1
His management has been of Excellence	1
Thanks for caring about people ...	1
Thank you for sharing your vision, always informed, wise, oriented and glocal!	1
Thank you for being an inspiring leader.	1
Thank you for joining us on this path of transcending-us-me !!!	1
Thank you very much for taking us out of our comfort zone and moving towards innovation.	1
Thank you for having left your indelible mark	1
Thanks for being a great leader, the cycles are closed but the example remains.	1
Admiration, thanks and respect	1
Your work and enthusiasm will leave a mark, I wish you much success in your goals and if you like to return, we will be waiting for you with open arms, a big hug!	1
Thank you for this delivery time and service to Tec de Monterrey. Enjoy this new stage very much, which will surely be full of many more successes.	1
You changed paradigms in the Tec. Thank you very much Salvador Alva!	1
Don Salvador, your presence will always accompany us because your contribution to Tec has the value of the intangible.	1
Thank you for leaving your mark on our Institution !!	1
Some people have the gift of leadership, and they know how to lead the team. You are one of those people. Thank you for working to share your knowledge at the Tec de Monterrey.	1
An hour was enough to identify in Salvador, his wisdom, his gift of people and vision of the future. A sensitive, critical and visionary human being.	1
Thank you for the great step that Tec took under your leadership !!	1
Thank you for your time and your inspiring voice.	1
God bless you!!! Thanks from my heart!!!	1
Words are not enough to express my feelings, nor my gratitude for everything that his transformation from the Tecnológico de Monterrey offered to our community.	1
The best example of transformative leadership and commitment.	1
Thank you for inspiring us to search within ourselves.	1
Thank you for leading the drive to transform our ITESM, it changed the story.	1
SALVADOR - Serene Artificer of Leadership that Vibrated with the Chords of Teaching Orienting them to its Radiance.	1
Thank you very much Salvador for your vision and leadership in transmitting it with your simplicity and consistency.	1
You are an example of congruence when you speak of the human sense	1
Thank you for being a symbol of transformation at the Tec, thank you for confronting the status quo.	1
Thank you Salvador for inviting me to participate in this exciting adventure that is the TEC. A hug	1
Thank you very much for these 8 years: mission accomplished and with mention of excellence	1
Thank you for the legacy you leave.	1
Thank you for transcending the future of education.	1
The culture of organizational transformation is the footprint you leave! Much success!	1
Salvador, thank you very much for all that you have accomplished by inspiring many people to carry out a profound transformation of the Institution. We had some brief interactions and they were all very good experiences. Success in your new stage of life.	1
Thank you, your example is inspiring to continue transforming lives	1
Salvador, you leave your mark on our community by supporting the strengthening of the faculty and thus being able to climb positions in the international rankings of educational quality.	1
Thank you for your leadership and commitment to education and the community!	1
Thank you for teaching me that with firm steps and great leadership an institution can be transformed.	1
Thank you very much for your leadership!	1
Thank you for helping us achieve new goals through synergies.	1
Thank you for a great example of leadership, humanism, and strength.	1
Thank you for your high human quality and leadership that has positioned our institution among the best in the world. I admire your simplicity, work and I wish you the best in this new stage of your life.	1
The best leaders inspire ... and you have, THANK YOU FOR EVERYTHING	1
immeasurable example.	1
Thank you for being a guide in this transformation process.	1
My great admiration for taking TE	1
Thanks for transforming us	1
Salvador, grx for your legacy, an innovative, leading institution that makes us all proud to collaborate with it. Good luck	1
Vision is the banner of every leader	1
Thanks for the Freshness of your External Vision and Executive Experience for a better TEC	1
Thank you for all your efforts, for the great human being that you are and for the transformation not only of Tec but of our country. Enjoy your retirement very much, you have left a great legacy.	1
"Don't lose your gift of ""People"""	1
Motivation is momentary, inspiration is forever. Thank you for always being an inspiring leader.	1
You transformed us and your impulse stops nobody to be the University # 1.	1
LEADERSHIP SPREADS. SALVADOR DOES IT	1
Thank you!	1
THANKS A LOT!	1
Savior. A life focused on doing good to others is worth more than a successful career or recognition. Seeing for others is the most important indicator and the legacy that you leave in all of us. Thank you very much for your example.	1
Thank you very much Salvador for promoting a change that transformed our organizational culture. The best of the best for this next stage! Pablo Ayala	1
Thanks for inspiring us with your example	1
Every change implies a challenge, thanks Salvador.	1
Thanks for being such a human leader!	1
Thank you very much for your leadership and vision of being better every day!	1
For me, a true leader is one who advances in such a way that others can advance together with him. Salvador Alva: Thank you for moving forward and bringing Tec to leadership for human flourishing. Thank you for making us proud of our institution and being an international benchmark for people-centered leadership.	1
In Salvador we trust! Thanks for your visits to Hidalgo, the fan club will always be grateful.	1
" ""Common"" ""people become legends when they are at the height of their circumstances."	1
Salvador you are a great Lord and you have had the visionary of Napoleon with a soul like Gandhi's.	1
Thanks for your Legacy!	1
"Alejandro Sandoval Correa / EIC CSN """	1
Dear Salvador, thank you for inspiring passion and commitment and always promoting well-being, reflection and a human sense, not only in the workplace.	1
"You have used us to compete in the big leagues ...; That makes us more humble, but at the same time it shows us that we can be great!"	1
For your disruptive vision. You invited us to break paradigms. Thanks Salvador	1
Thanks for sharing tips for life	1
Excellent leader and excellent human being !!!	1
Thanks for not giving up!	1
Thank you for raising the name of our alma mater. I am very proud and grateful to be EXATEC and a Collaborator positively impacted by you, by your vision and your leadership.	1
Salvador, you have sown many seeds of change and transformation, and you have established the best conditions for them to flourish. I am sure we will reap the rewards! we are already doing it	1
Inspiring	1
The greatness of a person is shown in its simplicity. Persevere for an ideal and always maintain a goal with a humanistic sense. He leaves us a Legacy and a follow-up example. Congratulations	1
Motivation to exercise leadership in teaching, research and life	1
Thank you for the love dedicated to the institution during your management.	1
Thank you for your humanistic approach brought to Tec.	1
Thank you for motivating us to observe our inner life, raise awareness	1
Thank you Salvador for pushing us to improve so much in the QS.	1
Rector Don Salvador, I thank you: FOR BEING AND BEING A PARADIGM OF YOUR WORK. HIS SERENE AND JOVIAL FACE INVITES YOU TO LISTEN AND REFLECT, TO FACE THE CHALLENGES TO COME. NOTHING IS PERFECT BUT INNOVATING IS INNOVATING. AND YOU HAVE DONE IT AT THE TEC. HIS BOOKS ARE LEGACY. I USED THEM WITH MY FOREIGN STUDENTS AT EGADE. WHERE THEY LEARNED THE LANGUAGE AND THE READINGS OF THEIR BOOKS, AND ABOVE ALL THEY OPENED THE DEBATE. MUST BE HIGHLIGHTED, THAT THEY WERE SURPRISED, BEING MEXICANS (AS MUCH AS YOU DON JOSÉ A.FDZ), THAT THEY KNOW AND WILL TALK ABOUT GLOBAL ISSUES AS CURRENT. ESPECIALLY WHEN I WORKED WITH SOME KOREANS I QUOTE THE PART WHERE YOU ARE. THEY SPEAK OF THE KOREAN MIRACLE.	1
FINALLY, I WISH YOU THE BEST IN THE WORLD. RECOMMENDATION: WRITE WE MAY BE CO-AUTHORS FOR OUR LANGUAGE, CULTURE AND BUSINESS. ALWAYS GRATEFUL. GOD BLESS YOU AND YOUR FAMILY. PEACE AND GOOD	1
Thank you for your immense wisdom and love for the Institution and each one of the people who we had the fortune to meet you through your books, speeches, messages and decisions. God bless you.	1
Thank you! For everything you left Tec de Monterrey, you are an example for all of us ...	1
Salvador, thanks for the Leaders of Tomorrow program.	1
He will always be recognized as one of the most inspiring of the directors and teachers of this great institution.	1
Thanks for the vision and projection you gave Tec!	1
Thank you very much, since with your leadership the Tecnológico de Monterrey has grown and thanks to this we have the opportunity to create	1
Dear Salvador: Thank you very much for making Tecnológico such a humane organization !!!	1
Salvador Nava has been a privilege and honor to have known his leadership against TE	1
You are a consistent, transformative and innovative leader, but above all with an enormous human sense.	1
Thank you for your dedication and leadership. It leaves us a great example to follow that will remain forever. All our thanks!	1
Salvador, without a doubt the TEC is now as strong as you wanted it to be, from what you can say ,, MISSION COMPLETED!	1
Salvador: Thank you for having transformed the lives of so many ... now to transform yours !!! May God bless you always ... A big hug ... Ely	1
It was a privilege to belong to this institution under your leadership!	1
A visionary man that I admired from the first moment I met him. Thank you Salvador for your legacy.	1
In your period it was notable how every day there were more and better communication and remuneration channels for which we make up the institution. Thank you for putting the person at the center.	1
He is an excellent person, exceptional leader and a great human being	1
A word that identifies who you are is = Transparency. Thank you very much	1
Thank you for being the leader that transforms and moves not only a great institution but also people, as their messages drive us to grow professionally and personally!	1
Inspiring	1
May the future be generous to you dear Salvador, my most sincere thanks!	1
Before being a great leader, you have to be a great human being ... thanks for being both.	1
THANK YOU Salvador for your vision and grow our dear TEC	1
Dear Salvador, your legacy at Tec is an indelible mark that will remain perpetual in the soul and heart of all those whom you have marked with your example and tenacity. Success in your new stage, a hug !!	1
Being an example to follow is wonderful, but encouraging others to develop their potential to the fullest is truly extraordinary, thank you very much!	1
Dear Salvador Alva, I would like to share my gratitude for all the great work and success achieved as president of the Tecnológico de Monterrey. You have been a great inspiration for so many, and am truly happy to be part of this amazing community. Many thanks!	1
"Thank you for being an example to all of us. I especially thank you for the phrase: ""A LEADER DOES NOT GIVE ANSWERS, HELPS GENERATE THEM""."	1
I recognize your simplicity at all times and I appreciate being close to the people of the Mexico City Campus in 2017	1
With particular simplicity in his work, Salvador also showed the entire community that perseverance and dedication are key to achieving institutional goals.	1
May this new cycle, which begins soon, be as fruitful and beautiful as your time at Tec de Monterrey was. Thank you so much for everything...	1
"I seek honor, not success, because honor is unconditional. FK ""Thank you for bringing this into my life Salvador. Thank you for everything, professor! You are a great, great leader!"	1
"Thank you very much for all your messages, for the change of mentality in the attention to other areas when considering the concept of inverted pyramid, without a doubt it shaped an innovative course for the Institution when considering as part of development, human flourishing. It has instilled in us to be better professionals, but above all better people. A big hug!!!"""	1
"Dear Salvador, my grandmother, may she always rest in peace, said: ""Geluk zit vorral in het geven van liefde, meer dan in het ontvangen ervan"" means in Spanish, something like in giving being receiving. You deserve all the good that you receive, therefore you have given us. Caprie diem"	1
Thank you so much for being an inspiration and example of what passion and love for what we do can lead us to achieve great things! A hug and many more successes to come. #OnceTecAlwaysTec	1
Admirable human being, example to follow. Thank you!!	1
As a mother and now as a professor and having been able to compare other great institutions I am fully convinced of the great achievement of the Tec as an educational institution where the strengths are its values ??and principles are evidenced by the acts. Thank you for your leadership.	1
I admire and thank you very much for your work at the head of the Tec	1
Savior: God help you find your purpose in life and achieve it. God bless you abundantly!	1
The transformation of an organization is possible if there is the power to imagine where and what it wants to become, you created the conditions to imagine the transformation of Tec de Monterrey.	1
Life is a constant change, learning to adapt is surviving	1
All my appreciation and admiration for her great work at Tec de Monterrey.	1
You are a man who makes leadership human, with firmness and direction. Thank you.	1
Great Leadership for the implementation of change	1
Thanks for the example, simplicity and for the possibility of being better every day in what we do, under your line	1
Great Visionary Leader, promoter of modernity and updating education in the world.	1
Salvador, thanks for the mark you leave on all institutions, generating a culture with key values ??and above all, empowerment for each one of us!	1
May the latest changes in your perception of the human being be transmitted to the institution, congratulations for moving on to the next mission.	1
Salvador: Thank you very much for your leadership, always committed to transforming the Tecnológico de Monterrey. You were able to integrate multiple talents around a single mystique: an education that is a factor of personal and social change.	1
Thank you very much Salvador for everything I learned from you: generosity, temperance, assertiveness, but above all empathy. In these moments of uncertainty I found in your messages the tranquility of knowing where we are and where we are going. You made your way by walking.	1
Thank you for the teaching and the opportunity to belong to this great TEC family.	1
Thanks for your insight.	1
Salvador, thanks for the vision and work to make TEC an institution that is an international benchmark and receives great recognition for the work of these years. Much success in your new projects.	1
Transforming lives is not easy, motivating to give more not everyone can, looking for the best for others not everyone does ... Salvador, thank you very much for facilitating, motivating us and making us enjoy our work ...	1
A great leader for an institution of excellence at an international level. Thank you for guiding us to the best in the academy.	1
Thank you for giving us a dream to always turn to and for motivating us with your exceptional example of life.	1
Thanks for sharing your experience and enthusiasm!	1
Congratulations on achieving success and happiness, my appreciation and admiration!	1
Thank you for motivating us to rethink ourselves as an organization and as individuals.	1
Salvador, nice to meet you! Thank you for all your support in the FIT class project and thanks for all the guidance provided during your administration !! the greatest success in your future projects !!	1
I acknowledge your effort and dedication, but above all I appreciate the example you leave us as a person.	1
Thank you for being an example to follow, but above all for transmitting to us your great human sense.	1
Thank you for all your support and the unforgettable legacy that you leave in each of the Tec students and colleagues!	1
Master Salvador Alva, thank you very much for each of the moments dedicated to inspiring me to serve education. I appreciate your unique example and commitment.	1
Salvador, thank you for inspiring teachers, students, collaborators to continue educational change with values ??for TEC, Mexico and to be a world example.	1
Growth and inspiration to all members	1
Thank you very much for the good for Tec, for your teachers and society	1
Thanks for Leaders of Tomorrow	1
Break paradigms	1
THANK YOU	1
One of the most visionary beings that have existed at the Tecnológico de Monterrey	1
Effort and inspiration, thanks for your example and accompaniment.	1
A great transformation and different person centered approach, CONGRUENCE	1
A legacy of effort and innovation. Thank you!!!	1
Everything seems impossible until it is done. Nelson Mandela. Thank you for making this Institution the best place to grow and develop as professionals and as individuals.	1
You are a clear example that the future of humanity is in leaders, not in children. Thank you very much for the works that you have promoted and inspired.	1
Thanks for the great example of consistency!	1
Humanist leader	1
Your transforming spirit covered our Institute, leading it to operational and structural disruption. Congratulations! and thanks for moving towards excellence.	1
The TEC transforms lives, Salvador transformed the TEC. Thank you.	1
Inspiration and innovation are your legacy.	1
Thank you very much for your accumulated effort to achieve your management, that you continue supporting OSC	1
Thanks Salvador! You are inspiration in the difficult moments for all of us. Thanks for always being our guide.	1
Thank you very much for your hard work and contribution to Mexico and the world!	1
Thank you for your vision and leadership!	1
Thanks for your dedication and leadership, we grew as an institution under your management.	1
What you leave behind is not what remains engraved on stone monuments, but what is woven into the lives of others. Infinite thanks for touching my life and sharing your teachings.	1
Transformer of ideas into realities	1
Thank you for helping us transform our vision of education!	1
Thank you very much for all your dedication and your vision to create a Wonderful TEC!	1
Salvador, a short phrase of yours in the classroom has been an example to follow.	1
Thanks for the inspiration to innovate every detail.	1
His participation in the Tec was a true transformative revolution and leaves us with strength for what is to come	1
Thank you for the human sense that you have added to the institution.	1
Thank you!!	1
YOU ARE A SAMPLE OF PRUDENCE AND STRENGTH	1
They say that education is the gift of God to change the world ... Thank you for making this world a better place !!	1
May you be successful in your new projects	1
I appreciate the positive changes that left his time at Tec, which were many. Many successes in your new life projects!	1
Thank you for being at the forefront and present at the time that for many of us at TEC has been the one of greatest satisfaction, achievement and achievement. Like you, each one of us who is part of the institution wants to continue growing and contributing to the ideals of the Technological Institute and of our nation. Congratulations and a lot of success.	1
Thank you very much for all the changes you promoted.	1
Her words were very inspiring for recent graduates for this new graduation format, without a doubt, she leaves a good example to follow in the Tec community.	1
Congratulations for the institutional change made with the new educational model, the leaders of tomorrow, the tec district, the ranking and especially the VOC applied to the Tec.	1
With gratitude for the legacy built	1
Thank you for showing us the way to true educational innovation and for believing that together we could achieve it.	1
Thank you very much for the legacy you leave at the Tecnológico de Monterrey, for the transformation made and for all the teachings. Thank you for being an inspiration and an excellent leader.	1
Thank you for renewing and revitalizing the vision of the institution, with a more humanistic course, without losing sight of academic rigor.	1
Thanks for sharing so much knowledge	1
Thank you for promoting quality education with a human sense.	1
Salvador: Your leadership is inspiring and provocative. For you there are no limits. What you dream you make come true Thank you very much!	1
Inspirational leader	1
Thank you for driving the evolution of our beloved Tec	1
The Tec has enjoyed your life, now you enjoy your life to the fullest. He leaves his mark on me with his example of simplicity, serenity and vision. Much success!	1
Thank you for breaking paradigms within our Institution and providing environments to experiment, reformulate and implement innovative solutions.	1
INSPIRATION, TENACITY, ADMIRATION AND THANKS	1
Dear Salvador: Thank you for building the institution where I always dreamed of studying and working. Today that I am part of the leaders as Regional Dean of the EHE, I can only recognize that without you, there would be no spaces for the women we seek to develop.	1
Dear Salvador, thank you for your dedication.	1
Dr. Alva his new leadership conference inspired me to face the pandemic differently	1
Thank you for being a valuable Leader for the System.	1
Salvador you are a person who inspires, who leaves a mark, you speak very simply but very deeply. I feel very lucky to have agreed with you. You are a great leader! I wish you the best!	1
"You transformed Tec and made him stronger, more inclusive, and more human. Your ""Limitless Leadership"" project was an oasis and a tremendous growth opportunity, both personally and professionally. Thank you very much!!"	1
Great strength transmitted to us in 2017	1
Thank you very much for all the initiatives and achievements.	1
INSPIRING LEADER, THANKS !!!	1
You are one of the few people I always like to listen to because they have something valuable to say. I like the way you see life.	1
Congruent, personal transforming leadership that was reflected in the labor and institutional aspects!	1
Congratulations Salvador for being an inspiring leader, for your great contribution to the Tecnológico de Monterrey in these years of hard work. I wish you a lot of success in your future projects.	1
Thank you for your interest in understanding the academic world, you leave a great legacy.	1
